I have an unorthodox view of
trolls on the internet I value
the fact that we live in a free
country which generally means
among other freedoms at the top
of the list
freedom of speech so here's for
me I'd rather know you think
that way and you tell me so then
I never know that at all yet
you're still sitting there in
front of the information has
value to me so I you know it
here the only trolls I get angry
with there is a subject thread
and then they want to troll
about something and nothing to
do with the subject three if
you're gonna troll stay on topic
just stay on topic because i
can't chase you wherever you're
going around the universe
ok but Ariana made an important
point she said if if you're
going to contribute on these
pages to contribute under your
real name control don't hide
we don't need you what are you
doing be if you really feel that
way
tell us and let us know who you
are she found out that when you
are required to divulge your
identity patrolling dropped so
maybe that's the way to do it
that's if I want to know you
feel that way I have to know
that you know someone else are
some
anonymous person about where I
can't have a conversation can
come to an anonymous person I
wanna know who you are you come
from and let's have a
conversation
psychologists have known for
decades for most of the century
that if you if you close
yourself in anonymity your the
your penchant for being nastier
and meaner grows and it's an odd
arts a fault of human nature
natural we should recognize them
and do what we can to overcome
it to rise above you can say
well it's human nature while
civilization is what we've
created for ourselves by
overcoming what might otherwise
have been human nature